label - caption
willy wonka - you been going out for a week? please tell me more about true love
willy wonka - oh, you like to post pictures of your weed on facebook? tell me more about how you can't find a job
willy wonka - the song i'm listening to is old? please tell me more about how songs have expiration dates
willy wonka - gay marriage is a sin? tell me more about all that pre marital sex you've been having
willy wonka - oh you'd like a diet coke with your large meal? you must really be watching your waistline
willy wonka - you found out you only live once? please, tell me more about your scientific discoveries.
willy wonka - tell me more about how shooting you in call of duty determines my sexuality
willy wonka - oh, you took a picture of yourself looking in the distance you must be so deep.
willy wonka - oh you hold your middle finger up in a picture you  must be a real badass
willy wonka - you shared kony 2012 on facebook? tell me more how you've always cared for ugandian infants
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always use internet explorer... but when i do, it's usually to download a better browser.
the most interesting man in the world - i dont always make a meme but when i do i immediately press the up arrow
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always generate a meme but when i do, i generate them twice
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always generate a meme but when i do, i generate them twice
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always talk to arts students but when i do, i ask for large fries
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always launch windows media center but when i do it's by accident
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always say :"i don't always" but when i do,i say:"but when i do"
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always read memes but when i do, it's hard to stop
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always get erections at burger king but when i do it's a whopper
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always make a meme at meme generator  but when i do i tell someone to click the up arrow
the most interesting man in the world - i don't always launch internet explorer but when i do, it's by accident
futurama fry - first you learn to read. then you read to learn bottom text
futurama fry - not sure if time for breakfast or lunch...
futurama fry - not sure if poke is just friendly or an invitation for sexy time
futurama fry - not sure if i hate facebook or if i hate people
futurama fry - not sure if insomnia or internet addiction
futurama fry - not sure if small ipad or big ipod touch
futurama fry - not sure if ice ice baby or under pressure
futurama fry - not sure if people are dumb or random pictures with caption are called meme these days
futurama fry - not sure if duke lost or if i'm serious lehigh
futurama fry - not sure if ad or actual download botton
success kid - hot girl on facebook photo albums public
success kid - touches bottom of desk no gum 
success kid - met forever alone found him a girlfriend
success kid - doesn't study for a hard test have the best grade in class
success kid - had to pee during commecial made it back on time
success kid - skip class it gets canceled
success kid - sets alarm clock for next morning wake up just in time to turn it off and avoid annoying sound of alarm
success kid - it's my turn to read my paper out loud the bell rings
success kid - look at a girls boobs turn 0.2 seconds before she looked at you
success kid - having heart attack  clear internet history, then dial 911
one does not simply - one does not simply start playing diablo iii
one does not simply - one does not simply  warm up mcdonalds french fries
one does not simply - one does not simply see the transit of venus by looking at the sun
one does not simply - one does not simply become "too old" for pokemon
one does not simply - one does not simply hiccup once
one does not simply - one does not simply spell it "simpley"
one does not simply - one does not simply "visit" 4chan
one does not simply - one does not simply explain a meme to mom
one does not simply - one does not simply play "a little bit" of civilization
one does not simply - one does not simply play gta without cheats
one does not simply - one does not simply use grumpy cat for everything
bad luck brian - plays tetris gets a circle 
bad luck brian - has a face only a mother can love has 2 dads
bad luck brian - creates imaginary girlfriend friend-zoned
bad luck brian - have eye contact with a girl medusa
bad luck brian - plays offline bots start votekick
bad luck brian -  zombie apocalypse gets chased by usain bolt's zombie
bad luck brian - finds pill of immortality  chokes on it
bad luck brian - self employed  gets fired
bad luck brian - tries to stealthly fart in class shits
bad luck brian - installs anti-virus its a virus
bad luck brian - has a pet rock dies
bad luck brian - uses lysol spray killed by 1% of germs
bad luck brian - leaves door unlocked for santa  gets robbed
bad luck brian - finally finds something positive in life hiv
bad luck brian - ringtone goes off at funeral another one bites the dust
bad luck brian - looks both ways before crossing the street  gets hit by a plane
bad luck brian - throws banana in mario kart slips on it next lap
bad luck brian - has seizure everyone starts harlem shake
bad luck brian - gets invited to a summer camp auschwitz
bad luck brian - wakes up at 6:30am takes dump at 6:25am
bad luck brian - scores his first goal his team loses   1-0
bad luck brian - eats alphabet soup chokes on the "d"
bad luck brian - first time goes to strip club mom on stage
bad luck brian - gets stranded in the desert drowns
bad luck brian - wears nike cant do it
bad luck brian - throws a party, wasn't invited.
bad luck brian - gets hit by a car, sees a bright light second car
first world problems - eating potato chips can't hear the tv
first world problems - the page started to load right as i clicked the refresh button
first world problems - went to bathroom without my smartphone had to read the showergel label
first world problems - wants to eat cake brushed teeth already
first world problems - loading screens are too short to read text written there
first world problems - my hair tie won't go around my hair 3 times but it's too loose when it's only wrapped twice
first world problems - when i heat a drink    in the microwave the turntable always finishes    with the mug's handle in the rear
first world problems - listened to fabulous song too many times now i dislike it
first world problems - told my friend "good night" over phone can't do anything on facebook because friend might find out i lied
first world problems - wanted to download a movie only found megaupload links
first world problems - 15 second youtube ad can't skip
first world problems - opens up new tab forgets why
first world problems - had an idea for a first world problem meme someone else already did it
first world problems - i poured a bowl of cereal before i checked if we had milk. we didn't.
first world problems - went to click full screen on pornhub vid... clicked facebook share by accident
first world problems - youtube looks different
first world problems - got a paper cut from my macbook air
first world problems - playing a game on my iphone people keep texting me
first world problems - the meme isn't in english i can't tell if it's funny or not
first world problems - start new game accidentally save over perfect file
first world problems - selected 500 objects with ctrl accidently clicked away
first world problems - i want to click the video link but i'd have to pause my music
first world problems - shit was too big ass hurts
first world problems - 1 pillow is to low 2 pillows is to high
first world problems - "please refer to the data in figure 7.4" figure 7.4 is on the next page
first world problems - the lead in my mechanical pencil keeps going back in when i write
first world problems - new laptop is too light have to use two hands to open it
first world problems - found favorite food at end of buffet plate already full
first world problems - found a song with a good chorus then pitbull started rapping..
first world problems - thought it was friday but it's actually thursday
first world problems - i hate when my wallet is full and it hurts to sit
first world problems - see something stupid on the internet get mad theres no downvote button
first world problems - need job for experience need experience for job
philosoraptor - if 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrehea  does that mean 1 person enjoys it?
philosoraptor - why must you be 16 to join the army, but 18 to play a game about it?
philosoraptor - if lesbians aren't attracted to men why are they attracted to women that look like men
philosoraptor - when people yawn, do deaf people think they're screaming?
philosoraptor - do transformers get life or car insurance?
philosoraptor - if vampires cant see their reflection in a mirror, then how does edward make himself look so gay?
philosoraptor - if you are what you eat then aren't cannibals the only real humans
philosoraptor - if bars can't serve drunk people  mcdonald's shouldn't be able to serve fat people 
philosoraptor - if all men are the same why does it take a woman so long to choose?
philosoraptor - if all the countries in the world are in debt where did all the money go?
philosoraptor - why buy winrar if the trial never ends?
philosoraptor - does a gif keep moving when you scroll it off the screen
philosoraptor - if i download a movie in jamaica am i a pirate of the caribbean ?? 
philosoraptor - if i delete recycle bin where will it go?
philosoraptor - if history is written by the victors why does french history exist?
philosoraptor - if it's 10 times better than the leading brand then why isn't it the leading brand?
philosoraptor - i just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year... i don't want to start trouble or anything, but shouldn't that be an even number?
philosoraptor - if apple made a car would it have windows
philosoraptor - is an escpaed midget fortuneteller  a small medium at large?
philosoraptor - if pro is opposite of con what is the opposite of constitution?
philosoraptor - if you shouldnt talk to strangers then how do you make friends?
philosoraptor - if earth is the third planet from the sun doesn't that make every country a third world country?
philosoraptor - if japanese pop is jpop? then is chinese rap, crap?
philosoraptor - if you make a camp to help kids with adhd is it a concentration camp?
philosoraptor - if europe uses euros shouldn't africa use afros?
grumpy cat  - i like the titanic my favorite character was the iceberg
grumpy cat  - my blood type? b negative
grumpy cat  - you know what i like most about people? they die.
grumpy cat  - what doesn't kill you disappoints me!
grumpy cat  - soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of no
grumpy cat  - see you tomorrow? thanks for the warning.
grumpy cat  - row row your boat gently off a cliff
grumpy cat  - the wheels on the bus go flat
grumpy cat  - houston, we have                 a problem good.       
grumpy cat  - found nemo he was delicious
grumpy cat  - one direction? straight to hell i hope
grumpy cat  - love is in the air try not to breathe
grumpy cat  - b-e-f-o-r-e not b4 we speak english, not bingo.
grumpy cat  - i hate life i hate all nine of them
grumpy cat  - the enemies of my enemies  are my enemies
grumpy cat  - there are two kind of people i hate them both
grumpy cat  - tie the mistletoe to my tail next year then kiss my ass
grumpy cat  - if you're happy and you know it  shut up
grumpy cat  - went to disney world ate mickey mouse
grumpy cat  - you're a mean one, mr. grinch keep up the good work
grumpy cat  - i had the christmas spirit exorcised
grumpy cat  - i "liked" your picture on facebook once... just so i could click "unlike."
grumpy cat  - happy new year? damn, there's another one?
grumpy cat  - have a nice day? don't tell me what to do.
grumpy cat  - i watched titanic last night my favourite character was the iceberg
grumpy cat  - everybody seems to like using my meme stop it
winter is coming - brace yourself the back to school posts are coming
winter is coming - brace yourself trump is coming
winter is coming - brace yourselves  the 9/11 posts arecoming 
winter is coming - brace yourselves the gta mods are coming
winter is coming - brace yourself  obama left god out of the thanksgiving address
winter is coming - brace yourselves... i learned how to use a meme generator.
winter is coming - shave yourselves no shave november has ended
winter is coming - brace yourselves facebook is messing with notification settings again
winter is coming - brace yourself m1s are coming
winter is coming - brace yourselves we're actually going to elect one of them
winter is coming - brace yourself the cops are coming
winter is coming - brace yourself i didn't make it to lotr2
winter is coming - its very cold
forever alone - calls skype test call doesnt pick up
forever alone - someone gives you number suicide hotline
forever alone - paypal . . . my only pal
forever alone - lends money forever a loan
forever alone - tries to talk to bot it goes offline
forever alone - go to college forever alone
forever alone - take blood type test fail
forever alone - receives sms mom saying "ok"
forever alone - partying hard alone
forever alone - goes to facebook to water crops
forever alone - receives mail on birthday eviction notice
forever alone - hey bro no reply
good guy greg - invites you into his van actually has candy
good guy greg - should be in god tier doesn't complain 
good guy greg - heard you died deletes your browser history
good guy greg - usb removes safely
good guy greg - pushes grandmas contact by mistake doesn't hang up 
good guy greg - upvote anyway
good guy greg - sees it's your birthday on facebook calls
good guy greg - loses the round still says gg
good guy greg - met y u no guy solved all his problems
good guy greg - watches terms and condition
good guy greg - sees spider gets cup and paper
good guy greg - here take mine
what if i told you - that top text is missing
what if i told you - what if i told you don't need typo
what if i told you - what if i told you nothing
what if i told you - what if i told you  there is no reason
what if i told you - what if i told you one is a musical disgrace
what if i told you - what if i told you that bot don't work
what if i told you - what if i told you i'm not samuel l. jackson
what if i told you - what if i told you sprite isn't cold
what if i told you - what if i didn't tell you 
what if i told you - what if i told you jesus was jew
what if i told you - what if i told you you dont have to use phones
what if i told you - what if i told you fantasy football sucks


